Bind charm compiler's location at configuration time (#43)
jszaday/hypercomm: CMakeLists.txt

project(hypercomm VERSION "0.0.001")

set(CHARMC_PATH $ENV{CHARM_HOME})
if(CHARMC_PATH)

>     message(STATUS "Charm compiler found at: ${CHARMC_PATH}")

Author: Let me know if you want better messages. I wrote them on a whim.

else(CHARMC_PATH)

>     message(FATAL_ERROR "Charm compiler not found. Set path using environment variable CHARM_HOME to the right location.")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    message(FATAL_ERROR "Charm compiler not found, please update the environment variable CHARM_HOME to the right location.")
```

Reviewer: haha, well if I were to suggest anything it would be something like this
